across the animal kingdom
gifts are an integral part of the mating
ritual and now one website is cutting
straight
to the give and take connecting broke
college girls
with rich older men to trade their youth
and beauty
for cash and prizes so is it
prostitution
or a brutally honest search for
happiness i mean it's sex work
this is sex work by the way this is not
anything but sex work which
you know
good [ __ ] this is basically
more ethical almost in some ways than
like
just dating a rich old dude and being
like oh i'm doing it for the love of it
when you [ __ ] clearly aren't you know
what i mean at least there's like a
monetary compensation here when you know
they're
they're basically saying like hey give
me money
and we'll go on dates and i'll simulate
dating for you
right whereas uh whereas like what the
[ __ ]
you think like the 25 year old model
that's like dating [ __ ]
the 85 year old dude hoping that he
[ __ ] croaked so he can
get cash in you think that lady loves
the [ __ ] 85 year old dude get the
[ __ ] out of here there's no issue with
this i'm saying like
as far as sex work goes i'm not gonna
[ __ ] [ __ ] on sex work
i mean it's sex work this is sex work by
the way this is not
anything but sex work which you know uh
good [ __ ] working at all is not
something that any animal is built to do
working at all is not something that any
animal is built to do
or meant to do or wants to do nobody
chooses labor
nobody chooses work all of their animals
don't work
unless we force them to but all other
animals are free
we're not we under capitalism are forced
to work
and every need that we have we are
forced to work in order to provide
for that need if we don't work our only
option is
starvation
[Music]
most of the people that criticize sex
work criticize it on
on anti-capitalist terms but more often
than not
they're not criticizing the work itself
they're just criticizing the sex
part of the work itself are you really
ignoring the use of pornography as a
patriarchal capitalization and
mercantilization of women also ignoring
the history of sexual enslavement of
women as sexual workforce
cancel all work what did i tell you
cancel all [ __ ] words
inherently all work is is enslavement
okay if you're still
having a convo you know uh sex workers
are
are uh criminals and or are doing
something that is bad
then we can't even get to the enthusiasm
for his own enthusiastic consent
that we're not there yet we're still in
the entry level but why do people make
sex work such as only fans to show out
to be something we should seek to help
them out of
i would literally much rather live off
on only fans of mcdonald's i don't get
why it's demonized still so much i don't
get it either
and also if the problem was exploitation
we would not be having this conversation
around only fans like you can maybe say
that about
uh big porn uh studios you can say that
about porn agents
you can say that about managers in porn
but like when you get the only fans
that's literally another additional
layer removed so it's
straight the [ __ ] up workers seizing the
means of production for themselves
before i would film this video now as
it's
when i'm feeling raw emotion i know this
is gonna be a hard one to do because i
don't really act
negative and even now it just feels
really stupid
and weird and i don't really know why
i'm filming this video
people are not going to give a [ __ ] so
let's just
talk into what i'm actually freaking
talking about here about
maine maybe let's say a month ago i
posted
some videos of me in an outfit that i
didn't really think much of feeling
myself today do a little tic talk
and it sort of did well and then i
posted on instagram and it did even
more well and as a result of that i got
a bit of a male
audience i gained like 10k in a week
because of these people watching me
i try and steer away from that sort of
thing on tick-tock and instagram like
not
really trying to be a sexual objects on
them platforms
but apparently that's what i've become
on everything
i started getting a lot of comments
from these videos when i was like
feeling myself and doing all these
cute dancers or whatever they were not
very nice and at the time i didn't
really care because oh my god look at
all these views oh my god look at me
growing
up like i didn't really give a freak
it's got a little bit
worse and last night is when i've just
really had enough of
it i don't want to be i don't want to be
an object like this
i don't know if it sounds really stupid
and i'm like being really stupid but i
mean i get a lot of abuse on early fans
anyway
with like that is normal nothing i'm
showing you is that's what i'm talking
about because i expect it
this is the other side to it which
people don't necessarily talk about when
i did
my tic talk about moving into the
apartment there was people commenting
the exact building name
maybe that's my fault for learning
online and whatever but
you know recently it's just got a bit
more aggressive from a male
audience sort of like pushing pushing me
i'm just pretty numb to at this point
but i don't want i don't want an
instagram where my questions are oh have
you ever given a [ __ ] and i don't
want
to be stalked i i don't i didn't ask
to be stalked i mean i know i didn't
only fancy people just thought well this
is your fault for
advertising yourself as a sexual object
but but i'm not
though i'm not though i'm a human and
it's
it gets to you when it when it's like
going on for ages
i was just so numb to i thought this is
fun it's not fun
a friend messaged me that i just know
from instagram she was oh i did only
fans for like a week but i couldn't take
it
because of all the abuse that you get i
i'm going to go into the abuse on any
fans because that's just
that's just expected like on my youtube
comments the other day
everyone i'll have any fans of [ __ ] like
comment on my youtube
like can you can you not really i
started posting things that
were gaining attention at the time i
sort of done it
for that purpose i deleted a couple of
photos on my instagram last night that
don't
exactly bring the attention that i want
but a photo that i like
which would be like an outfit post we
can't see no cleavage or no
ass like doesn't do well and i've been
losing because of that
using followers and [ __ ] but i'm just so
sick of [ __ ] caring about that [ __ ]
and i didn't used to and now it's
[ __ ] ruining
me
the mythology of the post bernie sanders
left wing
is not dangerous because it's absurd
it's not dangerous because it's
ridiculous
it's not dangerous because it's easy for
people like me
to point and laugh or sit here and
explain to you the ways
in which it's bad and misleading and
wrong it's dangerous because it's
appealing it's dangerous because it
provides people
with excuses and rationalizations
for their bad habits and none of it
is gonna last my father
was a hardcore communist extremist
but even within the decades i knew him
i could see his faith in different
aspects
of the left-wing wavered
some things some things he believed as a
young man
became unbelievable to him
when he was younger and before i was
born he really believed that work
was the most meaningful thing in life
that it transformed you
as a human being and of course there was
nothing more important than having the
credentials
of being working class this is going to
sound messed up but like
my father was proud that he had gotten a
job on a toll bridge
you know he was proud that his mother
had worked
in a factory and like within the
communist party when the far left these
were like credentials that he was like a
blue-collar guy despite having universe
education
all these really crummy jobs he worked
in a fish and chip shop
like what the worst jobs he had in his
life he was wearing this like a badge of
honor
you know he tried to be a labor union
organizer like all these people back
then he had a long beard and looked like
a hippie
and apparently he was he was emaciated i
can believe i've never seen a photograph
of him those days
because he wasn't eating properly and oh
my god he already had six kids or
something
he was poor for reasons that were
largely his own fault anyway this is
hippie with six kids in university
education going around trying to present
himself as
working class so you know there was a
really
toxic pro-work ideology
that was part of his life right and he
grew out of it his faith in it
didn't last because it couldn't last now
it's very strange for me now
to sit here and look at hassan sit here
and look at kristen leo
and the pendulum has gone to the
opposite extreme there's this antiquark
ideology right my older brothers
uh again this before i was born they
were told by my father like you know
work is the only thing that matters in
life it transforms you
education doesn't matter travel doesn't
matter like going to egypt or something
to see the pyramids doesn't matter
you know what matters is getting this
working class
blue-collar work working on a
construction site
being a bricklayer mixing cement you
know this is the idealized
work right and it's not even that it
makes you a real man that
that's easy maybe you spend enough time
on construction so maybe you know
whatever you build up calluses in your
hands you get
get forearm strength i don't know no no
no no no no
this makes you part of the vanguard
this makes you part of the working class
this means
that when the revolution comes they
won't kill you first
right like this is part of a deeply
violent
ideology that like world war three is
coming the day after tomorrow
and then the same kind of massacres and
purges that lennon
and stalin and mao zedong engage in are
gonna happen and if you don't have your
credentials that you used to be a
construction worker
used to work at a fish and chip shop
where my father's [ __ ] excuse was
you know you're gonna be one of the
people who's facing the guillotine
you're gonna go on the people hanging
from the neck by a lamp post so get your
get your blue collar working
class credentials now this is partly an
ideology based on fear
and it's partly an ideology yes based on
a frankly a very
catholic view of work and labor
it's one of the reasons why communism in
a country like cuba
south america has a different character
than does in japan say japan has its own
history of
of communism and you know when i was a
kid
i got to see my father's belief in that
just
dying year by year
and when it finally came time that i was
entering the workforce
i got my credentials together and i
started going to job interviews and i
was applying
to get jobs in construction and the type
of work i could get
i tried by the way i looked at getting
your formal license
to be a bricklayer as i recall the first
license you get is just to be a trainee
bricklayer actually being like a
craftsman in the brooklyn
it takes years or whatever but you know
i was going to get that certificate
and the work i could get right away was
on a demolition crew
going around with a pick breaking up
concrete throwing chunks of concrete on
the back of your that's the lowest level
of work you can get
and i'm a big guy i'm six foot three
back then two i could do 200 push-ups a
day or whatever i was doing at the time
you know it was big o is healthy and i
was ready to do it and i
at that point by the way i had
absolutely zero engagement with
cap with communism i was not left-wing
at all anymore but
obviously i was raised to be left-wing
from early childhood
and my father just couldn't
do it he couldn't let me enter the
workforce that way
he did everything in his power to stop
me from going to work on a construction
site he just
freaked out and he had nothing
intellectual to say about it
ain't nothing political and i could even
say to him i could stand there and
attach way and be like
but this is your philosophy you devoted
yourself like he was really
he was pro-stalin promos and he was not
a moderate communist like
this is your religion right
it was it didn't last
right everything he found believable as
a young man became
unbelievable became laughable became
despicable to him in old age
he found even examining his own life of
course what was really meaningful to him
was not
it wasn't these kinds of joe jobs that's
where it wasn't work in that sense
what was meaningful his life sure partly
what he did in his leisure in education
partly it was literally going on
vacation to egypt and seeing the
pyramids
going to africa and seeing zebras what
he actually valued he figured out
was bourgeois
this current anti-work ideology
all right it's not going to last but for
as long as it does last
it's going to provide really dangerous
justifications
for decisions people are making that
have terrible long-term decisions
and i i know i know what's real i know
there are young men
who are going to go and have sex with
prostitutes and they're going to feel
they have their left-wing morality stamp
of approval
to go and do it and they were looking
for one excuse or another
right but just think about there were
young men who were coming on the
internet now
and they're listening to sam harris and
they're listening to the new atheists
and they're thinking gee the only reason
their parents are opposed to
prostitution is because they're
you know they've got starch shirts and
come out of a
conservative church background and
they're not hip atheist left wingers
like you and i who know that sex work is
the most liberating thing imaginable
they're going to be young men who go out
there and become john's and in many ways
that is going to change their lives
forever and there are young women
who are signing up to do only fans
signing up to do pornography the
internet
signing up to turn tricks signing up to
be sex workers of one
kind or another and it's gonna change
their life forever
this ideology won't last its
impacts on real people's lives
will